Q1. What are the differences between var, let and const?

Ans.1. Var declaration are globally scoped or function scoped while Let and Const are blocked scoped.
2. Var variables can be updated and re-declared with its scope.
3. Let variables can be updated but can not re-declatred.
4. Const variables neither updated nor re-declared.

Q2. Difference between undefined vs not defined vs NaN?

Ans. undefined:Not defined - Any variable which we try to access but not declared.
     eg:- console.log(Shubham)
     o/p :- Shubham is not defined

Not Defined:  If a variable is declared but not assigned any value yet, but if we try to access that variable then we will get the error as undefined.
     eg: var A;
          console.log(A)
    o/p : undefined

NaN: In JavaScript, NaN stands for Not a Number. It represents a value that is not a valid number.

Q3.What is difference between null and undefined and where to use what?
Ans. undefined:Not defined - Any variable which we try to access but not declared.
     eg:- console.log(Shubham)
     o/p : Shubham is not defined
     Null: let c = null;
         console.log(c);
    o/p : null

 Q4. What is execution context?
 Ans.  When the JavaScript engine scans a script file, it makes an environment called the Execution Context that handles the entire transformation and execution of the code. During the context runtime, the parser parses the source code and allocates memory for the variables and functions.

 Q5. What is use of prompt in JavaScript? 
 Ans. The JavaScript window. prompt() is a built-in function that is used to display a dialog box that asks the user to input some text. This pop-up box will appear and takes user input before entering the web page. It waits until the user enters any value in the text box or we can also cancel the dialog box.

 Q6. Why JavaScript is Dyanmic Language?
Ans.  Being able to change the underlying type of a variable while the program is running without causing an error is what makes JavaScript a dynamic language.



